= Worked

* http://worked.rubyforge.org/

The easiest time recording application imagineable.

== DESCRIPTION:

Worked is really the simplest time recording (or tracking, whatever term you
prefer) application that does all you need and nothing more (only `date >> file` is easier).

It simply takes a time or a time range and an activity and appends it to a
hidden file in the current directory. The use case is, that you have '.worked'
files in the root directories of your projects, and before you finish your
current work period, you probably commit something and you also record your time.

Right now, the times are just recorded, no report generation yet.

== FEATURES:

* Appends a time range and an activity to a file.

== SYNOPSIS:

The syntax is quite flexible, and if you'd like to have it extended, just drop
me an email. The input consists of: &lt;time&gt; on &lt;activity&gt;. So for example, you
can write '5 hours on documentation'. The following formats for the &lt;time&gt; part
are recognized:

* 5 hours
* 5h
* or simply '5'

Minutes can be added or standing alone as well:

* 5 h 10 minutes
* 5 hours 10 m
* 30 minutes
* or simply '5:10'

Stored is not the absolute time, but the point &lt;time&gt; hours ago and the current
time.

Of course you can also specify both start- and end time of an activity with the
following syntax:

* 13 to 17
* 1 pm to 5 pm
* 13:30 to 17:40

If you just want to record an activity from a certain point upto now, you can
write:

* from 5pm
* from 11:30

Specifying dates is not supported right now, but you can of course edit the file
directly if necessary.

== STORY:

The week before my new semester started, I promised to myself to do better (or,
to do it at all) time recording to get a better feeling for how much I actually
worked. I used to write my time into a wiki, but that was still too tedious to
do so I often neglected it and had to record it from memory some days later. So I
needed a tool and a few hours later, 'worked' was born.

== REQUIREMENTS:

* Uses the really great Treetop for the input parser.

== INSTALL:

* sudo gem install worked

== TODO:

* Simple report generation.
* Investigate if it can be used together with git (e.g. with hooks), so I can, for example, use the last line in a commit message to make my 'worked' statement.
